src/FamilyHubs.SharedKernel.Razor/README.md, before:

# FamilyHubs.SharedKernel.Razor

## Release Notes

### 1.13.0

Add support for header and footer links that have a `BaseUrlKey` value that contains a path component.

### 1.12.0

Fix `FamilyHubsUiOptions.Url<>()` when the base URL has a path component.

### 1.11.0

Add `GetAlternative()` method to `FamilyHubsUiOptions` to get alternative service config.

### 1.10.0

Add `GetFamilyHubsUiOptions()` and other helper extension methods to ViewDataDictionary

### 1.9.0 & 1.8.0

Add support for alternative service layout by page (see Alternative example page)

### 1.7.0

Adds optional configurable link for the header (see `Header:ServiceNameLink`) 

### 1.6.0

Add `Url()` helper to FamilyHubsUiOptions

### 1.5.0

Adds:
* BaseUrlKey support in header and footer links

### 1.4.0

Adds:
* Url helpers (`Html.FamilyHubUrl` & `Html.FamilyHubConfigUrl`)
* static DontShow pagination instances (`IPagination.DontShow` & `ILinkPagination.DontShow`)

See the example site for usage.

Notes:
* This version requires `_ViewStart.cshtml` to not be overridden in the consuming project.
If you need to override `_ViewStart.cshtml`, ensure the contents of the version in this package is included in your overridden version. A later version might contain a helper for this.

Commit message:

better support for full relative urls in Url method.

src/FamilyHubs.SharedKernel.Razor/README.md, after:

# FamilyHubs.SharedKernel.Razor

## Release Notes

### 1.14.0

Support query params/fragment in the relativeUrl param to `FamilyHubsUiOptions.Url<>()`.

### 1.13.0

Add support for header and footer links that have a `BaseUrlKey` value that contains a path component.

### 1.12.0

Fix `FamilyHubsUiOptions.Url<>()` when the base URL has a path component.

### 1.11.0

Add `GetAlternative()` method to `FamilyHubsUiOptions` to get alternative service config.

### 1.10.0

Add `GetFamilyHubsUiOptions()` and other helper extension methods to ViewDataDictionary

### 1.9.0 & 1.8.0

Add support for alternative service layout by page (see Alternative example page)

### 1.7.0

Adds optional configurable link for the header (see `Header:ServiceNameLink`) 

### 1.6.0

Add `Url()` helper to FamilyHubsUiOptions

### 1.5.0

Adds:
* BaseUrlKey support in header and footer links

### 1.4.0

Adds:
* Url helpers (`Html.FamilyHubUrl` & `Html.FamilyHubConfigUrl`)
* static DontShow pagination instances (`IPagination.DontShow` & `ILinkPagination.DontShow`)

See the example site for usage.

Notes:
* This version requires `_ViewStart.cshtml` to not be overridden in the consuming project.
If you need to override `_ViewStart.cshtml`, ensure the contents of the version in this package is included in your overridden version. A later version might contain a helper for this.
